Add a single layout for events and some event content (#312)
datenanfragen/website: content/en/verein/event/okl-berlin-05-2020.md

{
    "title": "Online Talk at Open Knowledge Lab Berlin",
    "type": "event",
    "date": "2020-05-11T19:00:00+02:00",
    "duration": "43m",
    "place": {
        "online": "https://bbb.ulm.dev/b/ok-lab-berlin"
    },
    "video_url": "https://media.datenanfragen.de/embed/20200511-okl-berlin",
    "featured_image_url": "https://datenanfragen-media.sos-de-fra-1.exo.io/videos/20200511-okl-berlin/poster.jpg",
    "license": "cc-by-4.0",
    "description": "We were invited by the Open Knowledge Lab Berlin to talk about our work. Of course we were happy to do so: In this talk, Lorenz gives an introduction to some GDPR basics, explains the basic function of the website and talks abput the technical and orgnizational backgrounds of the project."
}

> We were invited by the [Open Knowledge Lab Berlin](https://codefor.de/berlin/) to talk about our work. Of course we were happy to do so: In this talk, Lorenz gives an introduction to some GDPR basics, explains the basic function of the website and talks abput the technical and orgnizational backgrounds of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We were invited by the [Open Knowledge Lab Berlin](https://codefor.de/berlin/) to talk about our work. Of course we were happy to do so: In this talk, Lorenz gives an introduction to some GDPR basics, explains the basic function of the website and talks about the technical and organizational background of the project.
```

> **Material**: [Slides](https://media.datenanfragen.de/embed/20200511-okl-berlin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Material**: [Slides](https://static.dacdn.de/talks/slides/2020-05-11-okl-berlin.pdf)
```
